fix: S3 Encryption Client malformed material description (#3411)
aws/aws-sdk-ruby: gems/aws-sdk-s3/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased Changes
------------------

> * Issue - Return a decryption error for a malformed material description.

Author: ```suggestion
* Issue - S3 Encryption Client, encryptionV2 and encryptionV3, returns a decryption error for a malformed material description.
```
